## Task1
The diagram gives information about the renovation plan which will be made to the southwest airport. The airport will have more boarding gates and services for travalers after the development.
The most noticable improvement comes to the addition of 10 more boarding gates distributed in a "Y" configuration. A sky train will be replacing the old walkway to compensate a longer walking distance from the main halls to the gates. The locations of both passport control for departures and arrivals will not be changed.  However, passengers will be able to find newly opened shops right after passing the security and passport control on the departuring lobby. A bag drop area will be added to the place where check-in desk is currently located, the latter will be moved to the right side of the lobby.
There will be some additional services and convient infrastructure as well. Two cafes are going to open at both lobbies located at corners. Further more, an ATM machine and car hire service will be added at right of the arrival hall.

## Task2

The prolifration of high sugar diate in recent years, expecially in commersal goods,  caused a number of health issues. Some people argue that we should make these products more costly to reduce the consumption of sugar. Personally, I am aware of the potential problems caused by sugary foods and I believe such move will be able to address these problems.

High sugar levels in foods and drinks has many negative effects on personal well being. One of the most noticeable issue being obesity which can be caused by unheathy diate in long term. Diabeties is another seviour issue which commonly appears together with obesity.

There are many reasons for manufactures to make sugary goods. The biggest incentive is the fact that sugar makes food tastier which can improve the popularity of porducts, driving up their profit. What makes matters worse is that sugar is cheap in most developed countaries, thus adding sugar in foods and drinks is more cost effictive compares to other additives.

I agree that the act of rising the price of products with high sugar level addresses the aforementioned problems. The health issues caused by unhealthy diate bring a big pressure to the medical and social insurance system which take up a dramatic portion of goverment pay check. However, I believe it is more practical to apply this "sugar tax" to both consumers and producers. By doing so the incentive of both making and perchesting sugary goods can be redused. 

In conclusion, food and drink products with high sugar level causes multiple issues to both personal health and social environment. However an well impemented regulation will be able to tackle these problems.